README.md, before:

# Aerofit Treadmill EDA Case Study

This project performs a detailed exploratory data analysis (EDA) on Aerofit treadmill sales and usage data to extract actionable business insights.

#Objective

- Understand customer purchasing behavior
- Identify top-selling treadmill models and regional demand
- Analyze price distribution and product usage
- Recommend strategies for product targeting and marketing

#Dataset

The dataset includes details such as:
- Treadmill model
- Price
- Customer region
- Usage hours
- Purchase trends

> **Note:** Dataset used is assumed to be `Aerofit.csv`.

#Key Insights

- High-end models priced above \$2000 are less popular in rural regions.
- Model `AF204` had the highest sales across urban metro areas.
- Southern and Western regions show higher average usage per customer.

#Visuals Included

- Price distribution histogram
- Top models bar chart
- Regional demand analysis
- Missing value heatmap
- Correlation matrix (if applicable)

#Tools Used

- Python (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn)
- Jupyter Notebook

#Business Recommendations

- Focus marketing on top 3 performing regions
- Introduce mid-tier models in underperforming zones
- Offer bundle discounts for older low-selling models

---

> 👤 By [Sarath Chandra](https://github.com/Sarathchandrrra)

Commit message:

Add requirements and update README

README.md, after:

# Aerofit Treadmill EDA Case Study

This project performs a detailed exploratory data analysis (EDA) on Aerofit treadmill sales and usage data to extract actionable business insights.

#Objective

- Understand customer purchasing behavior
- Identify top-selling treadmill models and regional demand
- Analyze price distribution and product usage
- Recommend strategies for product targeting and marketing

#Dataset

The dataset includes details such as:
- Treadmill model
- Price
- Customer region
- Usage hours
- Purchase trends

> **Note:** Dataset used is assumed to be `Aerofit.csv`.

#Key Insights

- High-end models priced above \$2000 are less popular in rural regions.
- Model `AF204` had the highest sales across urban metro areas.
- Southern and Western regions show higher average usage per customer.

#Visuals Included

- Price distribution histogram
- Top models bar chart
- Regional demand analysis
- Missing value heatmap
- Correlation matrix (if applicable)

#Tools Used

- Python (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn)
- Jupyter Notebook

# Installation

To install the required Python packages, run:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#Business Recommendations

- Focus marketing on top 3 performing regions
- Introduce mid-tier models in underperforming zones
- Offer bundle discounts for older low-selling models

---

> 👤 By [Sarath Chandra](https://github.com/Sarathchandrrra)
